Create rule S6375[terraform]: Assigning high privileges Azure Active Directory built-in roles is security-sensitive (#560)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6375/recommended.adoc

== Recommended Secure Coding Practices

> - Limit the number of Global Administrators to less than 5.
> - Apply the least privilege principle by choosing a role with a limited set of permissions.
> - Create a custom role if no built-in role meets your needs.

Reviewer: Suggestions for clarity, and "-"->"*" :
```suggestion
* Limit the assignment of Global Administrators roles to less than five people or service principals.
* Apply the least privilege principle by choosing a role with a limited set of permissions.
* Create a custom role with the fewest permissions possible if no built-in role meets your needs.
```
